Adds support for timing void functions (#26)
digipost/digipost-micrometer-prometheus: README.md

String result = getStuff.call(() -> "OK");
```

> For timing `void` functions you can use `NoResultTimedThirdPartyCall`:
> ```java
> NoResultTimedThirdPartyCall voidFunction = TimedThirdPartyCallDescriptor.create("ExternalService", "voidFunction", prometheusRegistry)
>         .noResult().exceptionAsFailure();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For timing `void` functions you can use `NoResultTimedThirdPartyCall`,
acquired by invoking the `noResult()` method:
```java
NoResultTimedThirdPartyCall voidFunction = TimedThirdPartyCallDescriptor.create("ExternalService", "voidFunction", prometheusRegistry)
        .noResult()  // allows timing void function calls
        .exceptionAsFailure();
```
